docs/pilot-dashboard.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Pilot Dashboard Overview
nav_order: 3
description: Detailed guide to using the DeepCall pilot dashboard home page
---

# DeepCall Pilot Dashboard Overview

Welcome to the DeepCall Pilot Dashboard! This page provides a comprehensive overview of your customer service performance based on AI-analyzed mystery shopping calls.

---

## Key Metrics

- **Total Calls Made**  
  The number of AI mystery calls made in the selected time range.

- **Average Customer Satisfaction Score (CSS)**  
  The average rating given by AI assessing customer satisfaction.

- **Compliance Rate**  
  Percentage of calls that passed key compliance criteria, such as greeting, product knowledge, and resolution.

- **Brand Voice Match**  
  A score calculated as the average of confidence and politeness scores, indicating how closely agents’ tone matches your brand.

- **Flagged Calls**  
  The number of calls flagged for critical issues requiring attention.

---

## Time Filter

Use the time filter at the top to select the date range of calls you want to analyze. All metrics, charts, and reports update dynamically based on your selection.

---

## Visualizations

- **Call Volume Over Time**  
  Displays the number of calls made over the selected period, grouped by day, week, or month depending on the range.

- **Compliance Breakdown by Type**  
  Pie chart showing the distribution of compliance issues by type.

- **Latest Critical Issues**  
  A list showing the most recent flagged issues with details including timestamp, call ID, and description.

---

## AI Summary Insight

- This panel provides an AI-generated summary of the overall customer service experience based on the calls within the selected date range.

- **Important:** To prevent abuse during the pilot, AI summary generation is limited to once every **30 minutes**.

- Click the **Generate Insight** button to refresh the AI analysis.

---

## How to Use the Dashboard Effectively

- Regularly update your time filter to monitor trends and performance changes.

- Review flagged calls and critical issues to prioritize staff training and process improvements.

- Use the AI summary insight as a quick pulse check on customer experience quality.

- Share this dashboard with your team to align on customer service goals.

---

## Need Help?

If you have questions or feedback during the pilot, please contact your DeepCall support representative. Your input is valuable to improving the platform.

---

Ready to explore individual call details? Visit the [Calls Page Guide](pilot-calls.md) to learn how to dive deeper into call-level insights.

Commit message:

Added Settings page to documentation

docs/pilot-dashboard.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Pilot Dashboard Overview
nav_order: 3
description: Detailed guide to using the DeepCall pilot dashboard home page
---

# DeepCall Pilot Dashboard Overview

Welcome to the DeepCall Pilot Dashboard! This page provides a comprehensive overview of your customer service performance based on AI-analyzed mystery shopping calls.

---

## Key Metrics

- **Total Calls Made**  
  The number of AI mystery calls made in the selected time range.

- **Average Customer Satisfaction Score (CSS)**  
  The average rating given by AI assessing customer satisfaction.

- **Compliance Rate**  
  Percentage of calls that passed key compliance criteria, such as greeting, product knowledge, and resolution.

- **Brand Voice Match**  
  A score calculated as the average of confidence and politeness scores, indicating how closely agents’ tone matches your brand.

- **Flagged Calls**  
  The number of calls flagged for critical issues requiring attention.

---

## Time Filter

Use the time filter at the top to select the date range of calls you want to analyze. All metrics, charts, and reports update dynamically based on your selection.

---

## Visualizations

- **Call Volume Over Time**  
  Displays the number of calls made over the selected period, grouped by day, week, or month depending on the range.

- **Compliance Breakdown by Type**  
  Pie chart showing the distribution of compliance issues by type.

- **Latest Critical Issues**  
  A list showing the most recent flagged issues with details including timestamp, call ID, and description.

---

## AI Summary Insight

- This panel provides an AI-generated summary of the overall customer service experience based on the calls within the selected date range.

- **Important:** To prevent abuse during the pilot, AI summary generation is limited to once every **30 minutes**.

- Click the **Generate Insight** button to refresh the AI analysis.

---

## How to Use the Dashboard Effectively

- Regularly update your time filter to monitor trends and performance changes.

- Review flagged calls and critical issues to prioritize staff training and process improvements.

- Use the AI summary insight as a quick pulse check on customer experience quality.

- Share this dashboard with your team to align on customer service goals.

---

## Need Help?

If you have questions or feedback during the pilot, please contact your DeepCall support representative. Your input is valuable to improving the platform.

---

Ready to explore individual call details? Visit the [Calls Page Guide](pilot-calls.md) to learn how to dive deeper into call-level insights or the [Settings Page Guide](pilot-settings.md) to learn how to manage your account and team during the pilot.
