docs/pilot.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Pilot Program
nav_order: 2
description: Learn how the DeepCall pilot works and how to join
---

# DeepCall Pilot Program

We're currently running a pilot to test and refine DeepCall in real-world conditions.

## ✅ What we need from you
- One location with active customer service phone support
- Permission to simulate calls to your business during working hours
- A contact person to review feedback reports

## 🎯 What you get
- Real-time AI-generated insights
- A summary report at the end of the pilot
- Free access to our early dashboard with detailed calls and analytics

## 🚀 How to Join the Pilot

1. **Sign up** by filling out the [pilot interest form](https://deepcall.io/pilot-signup).
2. **Schedule a kickoff call** with our team to discuss your needs.
3. **Set up** the call simulation with your customer service team.
4. **Start receiving insights** and feedback reports during the pilot.
5. **Review results** and provide feedback to help us improve.

<a href="https://deepcall.io/pilot-signup" target="_blank" style="display:inline-block; margin-top:8px; background-color:#7446E8; color:white; padding:6px 12px; border-radius:6px; text-decoration:none; font-weight:600;">Join the Pilot Now</a>
---

## 📖 Pilot Documentation

To help you get the most out of the pilot, we have prepared detailed guides for each section of the DeepCall platform:

- [Dashboard Home Page Guide](pilot-dashboard.md) — Understand all the metrics, charts, and AI insights on the dashboard.
- [Calls Page Guide](pilot-calls.md) — Learn how to navigate the calls page, use filters, view call details, and understand current pilot limitations.

---

Commit message:

Added Settings page to documentation

docs/pilot.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Pilot Program
nav_order: 2
description: Learn how the DeepCall pilot works and how to join
---

# DeepCall Pilot Program

We're currently running a pilot to test and refine DeepCall in real-world conditions.

## ✅ What we need from you
- One location with active customer service phone support
- Permission to simulate calls to your business during working hours
- A contact person to review feedback reports

## 🎯 What you get
- Real-time AI-generated insights
- A summary report at the end of the pilot
- Free access to our early dashboard with detailed calls and analytics

## 🚀 How to Join the Pilot

1. **Sign up** by filling out the [contact form](https://deepcall.io/#contact).
2. **Schedule a kickoff call** with our team to discuss your needs.
3. **Set up** the call simulation with your customer service team.
4. **Start receiving insights** and feedback reports during the pilot.
5. **Review results** and provide feedback to help us improve.

<a href="https://deepcall.io/#contact" target="_blank" style="display:inline-block; margin-top:8px; background-color:#7446E8; color:white; padding:6px 12px; border-radius:6px; text-decoration:none; font-weight:600;">Join the Pilot Now</a>
---

## 📖 Pilot Documentation

To help you get the most out of the pilot, we have prepared detailed guides for each section of the DeepCall platform:

- [Dashboard Home Page Guide](pilot-dashboard.md) — Understand all the metrics, charts, and AI insights on the dashboard.
- [Calls Page Guide](pilot-calls.md) — Learn how to navigate the calls page, use filters, view call details, and understand current pilot limitations.
- [Settings Page Guide](pilot-settings.md) — Manage your account and team during the pilot.

---
